Name: Rutvik Shah
Student id: 200396357
Class: CS215 - section 95
url: www2.cs.uregina.ca/~rrs680/TeleTalk/home.php
File List:

1) home.php : This page has the brand images for the website. Its logo is mapped to the same page and it has placeholder data
               for future assignments. Styling consists of some sections, header and carefully picked up color scheme that matches the 
               branding for the website.

2) signup.php : This page consists of 2 forms. One that assists people to sign-up as a new user and one login form if you clicked 
		 sign-up link mistakenly. The logo button is mapped back to home.php. This follows similar design scheme as home.php

3) msglist.php : This is the page that is a new home page for logged in users. Design is similar but new dynamic data is put along 
		  with some transition effects on hovering over msg fields. The forms are generated dynamically. This page 
                  can be accessed if you sign-up or log-in from the home page. There is also a logout button and avatar img at top-right.

4) msgcreate.php : This page is accessed via the compose button on footer of msglist.php page. This contains one big form that assists
		    the logged in user to compose a message and post it.

5) msgview.php : This page is accessed if you submit access code from the msglist.php page so that you can view the message along with 
		  a view list of 5 most recent viewers of the page with time.

6) logout.php: This page is an intermediate redirection for when a user logs out and this page destroys the ongoing session.

7) error.php: This page is an intermediate redirection page when you try to access a page even though you are not logged in. It will 
		redirect you back to home.php

8) resources/img: This folder contains all necessary images for the website.

9) resources/css/style.css: This is a css file containing styling for the whole website (all 5 html pages).




10) resources/js/homevalidation.js : This is a javascript file that contains validation scripting for login forms used in 
				    pages "home.php" and "signup.php".

11) resources/js/homevalidation-call.js : This is a javascript file that is meant for event registration for the login forms
					 on pages "home.php" and "signup.php".




12) resources/js/msgcreatevalidation.js : This is a javascript file that contains validation scripting for form used in 
				          page "msgcreate.php" to validate things like proper expiry date and time, accesscode etc.
					  This page also contains a dynamic counter for character count in the msg textarea along with the validation 
					  for that textarea.

13) resources/js/msgcreatevalidation-call.js : This is a javascript file that is meant for event registration for the form on page "msgcreate.php".




14) resources/js/msglistvalidation.js : This is a javascript file that contains validation scripting for forms used in 
				    	page "msglist.php" to validate proper accesscodes.

15) resources/js/msglistvalidation-call.js : This is a javascript file that is meant for event registration for the forms
					     on page "msglist.php".



16) resources/js/signupvalidation.js : This is a javascript file that contains validation scripting for signup form used in 
				       "signup.php" which validates things like proper username, email address, passwords etc.

17) resources/js/signupvalidation-call.js : This is a javascript file that is meant for event registration for the signup form
					 on page "signup.php"


18) uploads/ : This directory is where all the profile pictures of users that they upload are stored.








----- Username and passwords for 4 users in the website----

1) username: rutvikshah28@abc.com  password: Dummy1234
2) username: randomuser1@abc.com   password: randompass1
3) username: randomuser2@abc.com   password: randompassword2
4) username: randomuser3@abc.com   password: randompassword3

		[All of this has been coded keeping in mind XHTML syntax but using HTML5]
